# Resource Generator

The resource generator is a tool to let you quickly scaffold models and their accompanying routes and views.

- [Models](#models)
- [Routes](#routes)
- [Screens](#screens)
- [Subscreens](#subscreens)
- [Modals](#modals)
- [Patches](#patches)
- [Snapshots](#snapshots)

## Models

Generates Mongoose models based on the schema information.

---

## Routes

Generates routes based on the schema information. This includes:

- `POST /` - Creates a new resource.
- `GET /:id` - Fetches the resource with `id`.
- `PATCH /:id` - Updates the resource with `id`.
- `DELETE /:id` - Soft-deletes the resource with `id`.
- `POST /search` - Queries the resource. Fields will be generated based on the schema. `name` is a special field here that will generate a regex query.

Initial test suites for the routes will also be generated as well as documentation.

---

## Screens

Generates screens based on the schema information. This includes:

- List View - A filterable list of all resources of this type.
- Detail View - An "overview" page for a specific resource.
- Secondary Views - "Secondary references" are generated here as screens. This will list out the secondary resources that belong to this resource.

---

## Subscreens

Generates list screens for resources with dependencies. For example, a `UserAddresses` screen at `/users/:id/addresses` can be generated by providing `User` when generating the `Address` resource, or conversely `Address` when generating the `User` resource.

---

## Modals

Generates modals based on the schema information. This will allow resources of all types to be created and edited. Fields will be generated based on the schema details entered.

---

## Patches

In addition to generating files, this script will attempt to patch `index.js` entrypoints, `App.js` to add front-end routes, and the main menu when generating primary resource links. This behavior can be disabled if it is intrusive.

---

## Snapshots

Generating a new resource will output a `json` file with the resource name. Re-generating with `--snapshot=resource.json` allows the resource details to be tweaked and re-generated.
